All right, everybody.
The mouse is gone.
Please continue to wish Miss Su a happy birthday.
Good good good good
Tang Yu really thank you today.
I had a very happy birthday.
I'll never forget this day.
Just be happy.
It's my birthday.
Even if you're not happy, you have to pretend.
Yeah, have fun.
Why am I not happy for your 4th birthday?
So you're not wondering what I just wished for?
Right?
I told you, you can't tell other people, not what you say.
Oh okay, ha ha ha ha
No, what did you just wish for?
I just wish we could have a son and a daughter after we got married.
Ha ha ha ha good good good
Young master, you are satisfied with this today.
I am very
Okay, congratulations to the host on a successful birthday party.
Get a book cleaning bag
Sister, can you forgive me?
Open one-click learning mode.
Ah.
What did you do to me?